Unilateral exit in the sdk (#992)
breez/spark-sdk: docs/breez-sdk/src/guide/unilateral_exit.md

{{#tabs unilateral_exit:unilateral-exit}}

### The signer

The CPFP children and the fan-out spend your funding UTXOs, so they have to be signed. The SDK does not hold your funding keys; it hands each unsigned transaction to a signer you provide.

> The built-in single-key signer covers the common case: it signs P2WPKH and P2TR inputs from one secret key. For {{#enum CpfpInput::P2tr}} funding, pass the **internal, untweaked (BIP86)** key, not the tweaked on-chain output key: the tweaked key derives a scriptPubKey that does not match the UTXO, so the transaction is rejected at broadcast. For anything else (a multisig, a hardware wallet, or keeping key material out of the SDK entirely) implement the `CpfpSigner` interface and describe the funding with {{#enum CpfpFundingKind::Custom}} (in the quote) and {{#enum CpfpInput::Custom}} (in the build). Those carry the funding `script_pubkey_hex` and an upper-bound `signed_input_weight` so the fee stays exact for any witness program. The signer receives a serialized PSBT, signs the inputs that are not already finalized, and returns the serialized signed PSBT:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The built-in single-key signer covers the common case: it signs P2WPKH and P2TR inputs from one secret key. For {{#enum CpfpInput::P2tr}} funding, pass the **internal, untweaked (BIP86)** key, not the tweaked on-chain output key: the tweaked key derives a scriptPubKey that does not match the UTXO, so the transaction is rejected at broadcast. For anything else (a multisig, a hardware wallet, or keeping key material out of the SDK entirely) implement the `CpfpSigner` interface and describe the funding with {{#enum CpfpFundingKind::Custom}} (in the quote) and {{#enum CpfpInput::Custom}} (in the build). Those carry the funding {{#name script_pubkey_hex}} and an upper-bound {{#name signed_input_weight}} so the fee stays exact for any witness program. The signer receives a serialized PSBT, signs the inputs that are not already finalized, and returns the serialized signed PSBT.
```

Whichever signer you use, the funding inputs must be **native SegWit** (a witness-program script; P2WPKH or P2TR with the built-in signer, any other witness program with a custom one). The exit refers to each transaction by an id it computes before signing, which only stays stable when the signature lives in the witness (native SegWit) rather than in the input script; legacy scripts are rejected, so your signer only ever has to sign native SegWit inputs.

{{#tabs unilateral_exit:custom-cpfp-signer}}

<div class="warning">
<h4>Flutter</h4>

> Flutter cannot pass a foreign <code>CpfpSigner</code>, so it exposes two exit calls. {{#name unilateral_exit}} takes the funding secret key bytes and uses the built-in single-key signer. {{#name unilateral_exit_with_signer}} takes a <code>signPsbt</code> callback that receives the serialized PSBT, signs the inputs that are not already finalized (any scheme), and returns the serialized signed PSBT.

Reviewer: I think stick to dart syntax as its Flutter specific
```suggestion
Flutter cannot pass a foreign <code>CpfpSigner</code>, so it exposes two exit calls. <code>unilateralExit</code> takes the funding secret key bytes and uses the built-in single-key signer. <code>unilateralExitWithSigner</code> takes a <code>signPsbt</code> callback that receives the serialized PSBT, signs the inputs that are not already finalized (any scheme), and returns the serialized signed PSBT.
```
